Proposed fix for #3987 (#4071)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

To avoid excessively small idle timeout periods, endpoints MUST increase the
idle timeout period to be at least three times the current Probe Timeout (PTO).

> As defined in {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}, the PTO includes the peer's maximum expected
> acknowledgement delay. This is not strictly necessary for the purposes of the
> idle timeout, but defining it in this way is convenient, since implementations
> need to maintain a PTO value anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note:

: Using the PTO value here implicitly includes the peer's maximum expected
acknowledgement delay in the idle timeout period; see Section 6.2.1
of {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}. This ensures that the endpoint accounts for this
known peer delay before declaring the connection as idle and closing it.
```

Reviewer: This one is deliberate -- we want to account for max ack delay.

The closing and draining connection states exist to ensure that connections
close cleanly and that delayed or reordered packets are properly discarded.
These states SHOULD persist for at least three times the current Probe Timeout

> (PTO) interval as defined in {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}. Note that the PTO includes the
> peer's maximum expected acknowledgement delay. While not strictly necessary for
> this purpose, it is convenient, since implementations need to maintain a PTO
> value anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(PTO) interval as defined in {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}.

Note:

: Using the PTO value here implicitly includes the peer's maximum expected
acknowledgement delay in the closing and draining periods; see Section 6.2.1
of {{QUIC-RECOVERY}}. This ensures that the endpoint takes this peer delay
into account when waiting to discard subsequent packets sent by the peer.
```
